Let you play in peace and quiet.
My design is gone. Did anyone see it?
I finished it and put it here. Who will touch your advertisement?
This precious aunt, what can you do?
What can be done? The design files are also missing.
Someone tampered with my computer. It's the same.
Zhang Xinqiao’s new secret design has been approved.
In order to express the bonus, the company management department just did it.
Unanimous decision. Zhang Xinqiao turned around early,
And Qi is the group leader.
Xiaoqiao, why are graduates of top design students?
Just have strength. To have something like strength,
Not everyone has it.
Just like some people eat pasta even if they are stupid
Still can't pass the time, roast and drink
Thank you for your encouragement
I'm full this afternoon
Little Diamond is in people’s hearts
Zhang Xingxiao’s shooting works
to deliver to your fuel tanks
Everyone can learn from it
This shameless thief